hi everyone here dummy for
decerto france i had this as our
little gaming then thank you scampis already
you some of the taxes this interview
thank you come for 10 interview so I
asked him a first question
how does he see himself define himself
event the stage on which he plays and
finally the public forgiveness sauce like awa
compete ok so he said that's the
first time they played in a
in a cinema that was it's
pretty well pretty well laid out and at
level 2 of the audience he said it was
not as good as the French you
can be proud of you but hey there is
also the fact that they make food and
so it's inevitably that's a lot
less heavy we'll say the second
question we're going to ask him is to
about their state of trust
current they just won the sw
it's last week now they
are first in their group at this stage
of the competition how are they
agree so he said the team
epsilon in fact it's a limited team
gave a friend and if so with a lon
kind of gob squad type with god
cetto remy and on the other side heal
madkat may
they are happy to have beaten
feel confident enough for the next
the event and so we hope we hope
for them it's going to end
correctly
and finally last question the prognosis
of this as for the end of the event
so you find yourself playing in Europe
young in accor whose first
optical second desnel and 3rd tk world
thank you very much as time as Foyot
and see